README.md, before:

# Ethereum Star notary service
+ By: Andrew Rodriguez

## Project specifications
+ ERC-721 implementation using OpenZepellen

## Outside resources
[Async-await tips for solidity and truffle](https://medium.com/coinmonks/testing-solidity-with-truffle-and-async-await-396e81c54f93)
[Unique identifiers per star](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hipparcos)
[Star data](https://github.com/ofrohn/d3-celestial/tree/master/data)
[React and HapiJS](https://github.com/jedireza/hapi-react-views/tree/master/examples/remount)
[Breaking change for using web3](https://medium.com/metamask/https-medium-com-metamask-breaking-change-injecting-web3-7722797916a8)
[Hashing in solidity](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/50592/what-does-warning-this-function-only-accepts-a-single-bytes-argument-please)
[Assert vs Require vs Revert](https://medium.com/blockchannel/the-use-of-revert-assert-and-require-in-solidity-and-the-new-revert-opcode-in-the-evm-1a3a7990e06e)


## Diverge from requirements
Named starsForSale() method _getStarsForSale to not conflict with mapping

## Running guide
+ `npm install`
Download of all required packages
+ `npm start`
As soon as you start the server for the first time - an initial Genesis block will be created as well as an empty list of star registry requests. Basically, initializing all Objects needed for functionality.

## API GUIDE

Commit message:

Rinkeby deployed and starting UI

README.md, after:

# Ethereum Star notary service
+ By: Andrew Rodriguez

## Project specifications
+ ERC-721 implementation using OpenZepellen

## Outside resources
[Async-await tips for solidity and truffle](https://medium.com/coinmonks/testing-solidity-with-truffle-and-async-await-396e81c54f93)
[Unique identifiers per star](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hipparcos)
[Star data](https://github.com/ofrohn/d3-celestial/tree/master/data)
[React and HapiJS](https://github.com/jedireza/hapi-react-views/tree/master/examples/remount)
[Breaking change for using web3](https://medium.com/metamask/https-medium-com-metamask-breaking-change-injecting-web3-7722797916a8)
[Hashing in solidity](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/50592/what-does-warning-this-function-only-accepts-a-single-bytes-argument-please)
[Assert vs Require vs Revert](https://medium.com/blockchannel/the-use-of-revert-assert-and-require-in-solidity-and-the-new-revert-opcode-in-the-evm-1a3a7990e06e)
(Unlock metamask account for truffle deploy to rinkeby)[https://blog.abuiles.com/blog/2017/07/09/deploying-truffle-contracts-to-rinkeby/]

## Diverge from requirements
Named starsForSale() method _getStarsForSale to not conflict with mapping

## Running guide
+ `npm install`
Download of all required packages
+ `npm start`
As soon as you start the server for the first time - an initial Genesis block will be created as well as an empty list of star registry requests. Basically, initializing all Objects needed for functionality.

## API GUIDE
